ALLOY
=====

This is a set of real code examples of the new Alloy framework.  These are hand written as a demonstration of how a developer would write the code and how our compiler would generate the written code. I have not tested each line of code so it should be viewed more as intended to be real code.

For each example, I have provided a `_generated` folder with an `app.js` that would be generated from the resulting code by the compiler.

Examples
--------

- *Simple*: the most basic example 
- *Complex*: a more complex example that shows decomposing a view into subviews
- *Widget*: an example of building a widget and then using it in an app
- *Simple Model*: an example of a model based system that includes migrations
- *Multiplatform*: an example of building a multi screen app
- *Modules*: an example that shows an app built module and a vendor module. This also demonstrates the selector engine.


Issues to be resolved
----------------------

- Where should normal resources files such as images go?
- Do we really need a selector engine if we go this route? Is it too complexed?
- Do we need a way to define a root window? I'm going for pre-defined window to be generated by the app and then referencable. I think this is probably the best and most simple right now.
- Do we really need backbone for models? seems like overkill but we could use for our model implementation. maybe strip out routes, etc.
- Would be nice to have config file support to allow developer to have project specific or deployment specific (simulator vs install) config
- Would be nice to integration something like Jasmine support for TDD


Stuff we should support
-----------------------

- built-in ACS models
- built-in SQLite models
- built-in analytics generation
- would be nice to have a Rakefile like file that can be generated and then customized by user to control specific project processing

